weeklyactivitytracker.frontend/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Started adding images and fonts to UI

weeklyactivitytracker.frontend/README.md, after:

# Weekly Activity Tracker - Frontend

This is the README for the frontend application for the Weekly Activity Tracker application.
The frontend has been build using the Next.js React framework as a learning exercise.
This documentation provides a set of useful information about the application and some links that can be used when building applications in future.

## Running the Application

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## UI Design

This section focuses on using custom UI elements and designs to build the application. Frameworks for UI design will also be discussed.

#### Tailwind CSS

The application uses the Tailwind CSS package for inline insertion of CSS. This makes it much easier to control the style of the application
for specific user interface elements and limits CSS conflicts. More information on tailwind can be found here:

https://tailwindcss.com/docs/utility-first

#### Fonts

This application uses the free open source fonts from Google. The Google Fonts website provides a set of free, commercially useable fonts in varying styles and type subsets. More information on google fonts can be found here:

https://fonts.google.com/

Additionally, the application uses the Next.js *next/font/google* package to import the google fonts.
